Throughout this course I have accumulated a plethora of knowledge that only seems to scratch the surface when it comes to computer science. Not only did I learn about the valuable lessons taught in this course but I also attained a new perspective in our conversations that ask the most simplistic question, why? Why is it important for us to appreciate the technology we have? Why would data have to be cleaned? Finally, why would anyone in their right mind choose to program over using a graphical interface? These questions are important and I will reflect on how the work accomplished in this course goes beyond just the four walls of the room.  
In the beginning of this course we were taught the foundational skills that are required to understand what we were reading through our Jupyter notebooks. These foundational skills included basic terminology and an understanding of data science in its entirety. We learned that data science is more than just sitting behind a computer screen and coding, it taught me the valuable connection of different professions coming together to collaborate over their works. Both the coding activities and the readings we were assigned allowed a glimpse into the uses of python and terminal that went beyond just course assignments. Although the code was basic; stripping, user input, and error code analysis showed us multiple applications for their uses. For example, you can use user input to enter grades into a gradebook and give appropriate responses to the students accordingly. While these simplistic foundational skills were still fresh in our mind it was time to challenge us.   
Next we moved onto loops and lists as our next skill to learn. This has multiple real world applications, in my future profession of game design we use this simplistic code to attach multiple instances together behind the scenes so an object reacts in the way it’s intended. Even in our activity it presented the use of being able to create an organized list of random data or to simply help people convert celsius into fahrenheit. To me this showed the importance of even very basic code that I once took for granted. If you think about the way it could enhance your life from day to day tasks why would you not consider giving yourself that help?  
As the course progressed we learned of the importance of raw data. When the collaboration of multiple professions is actually shown you can sometimes have conflicting ideas. It showed me the importance of raw data over “cleaned” data, noting that it is not wrong to have data “cleaned” however depending on the dataset there could be ethical dilemmas that you approach. For example, if you saw a dataset of the Bellevue Almshouse it showed that data “cleaning” has been done in the past with the intention of isolating minorities. This is still done today as well, where a researcher uses the facts of a face value dataset to support their ideals instead of using the dataset as intended. Although “clean” data showed me the simplicity of making the data work for you, I noticed that you still miss key outliers of the dataset that could substantiate other claims as well. I was really taught to be more mindful on how to “clean” data properly with a moral and ethical compass.  
Finally we went to understanding a dataset on the Transatlantic Slave Trade. This was by far the biggest dataset I have ever seen, although it also showed the malicious acts and lengths people went through to cover their tracks and to not consider slaves as human beings. The lesson I took from “giving it the eye test” was really understanding the nuances of the data and what story might be told there. In my profession they would use massive datasets to understand player behavior and choice allowing professionals to dictate what game they should create based on societal trends. The more we engaged with the dataset the more you understood what you were actually seeing. Not only has this course taught me valuable lessons that I could bring to my profession it also showed me insight that I could learn from other professions.   
Consider this, what would your life look like without coding?