**Activity 1 Reflection**

The way I learned to solve my activities depended on my work and examples I did while in this class and others. I was fortunate enough to have very little experience in coding, that this class actually has helped my comprehension in my other programming courses. The way I went about troubleshooting my problems in this particular code was finding examples like it from our previous readings and using it as inspiration. One thing I did notice is that if multiple collabs are open at once sometimes the variables get mixed up and they lose their meaning. I did have problems when trying to complete the input problem because I wanted to do age ranges to determine if someone was legal drinking age but I was limited by my knowledge of how to go about putting age ranges instead of physical integers. I think the hardest problems I will have throughout this class will be remembering the actual terms for specific things in the code. For example, I finally learned what “stating a variable as an integer” means. Although that seems relatively straightforward, technical terms would always throw me for a loop; but with the activities and discussions we’ve had in class I have grasped the terms relatively well. When using these types of terms I am able to explain myself clearly and concisely. Not only is this useful in my career field but I can see the convenience it brings to other career fields. For example, a bar using that same line of code I was trying to accomplish to determine if a person is legally allowed to drink. Another example being, a teacher using the same input string to determine failing and passing grades. This shows that the application of code throughout our lives is somewhat limitless; it is only limited by the knowledge people possess for coding extensive strings for a desired result.  
