**Activity 3 Reflection**

The way I learned to solve my activity depended on the assistance of my classmates and in-person examples. I was very fortunate that the work in this activity was relatively straightforward. The most difficult and painstaking process I have ever had to endure was trying to mount the drive and path it correctly to view the csv file. I started by referencing my classmates and the teacher although I was truly defeated for so long that I just gave up and moved onto other work for this course. Though what truly helped in the end was persistence and a tutorial on how to correctly look into a csv file. After correctly pathing it was relatively downhill from there. I used the text provided in Melanie Walsh’s panda’s basics to work the activity problem by problem. There was some difficulty and nuance in the dataset provided, especially in the seventh and eighth problems. I had to really use my understanding for the dataset to provide answers I deemed sufficient. For example, the activity problem states “Please identify the top 5 most common ports of arrival”. The approach I first took in this instance kept giving me errors, to rectify this situation I believed the correct way to correlate the most common ports of arrival would be to run it against the number of total disembarked slaves. Meaning at these ports the highest number of total disembarked slaves indicates which port is common. The same kind of nuance and problem solving also applied to finding the top 5 captors for the data visualization. Although, the more I observed the dataset with a different perspective the answer seemingly stares you in the face or I got both of them wrong. Either way I feel that what I learned here is valuable and I wish I could make cooler data visualizations.  
