**Activity 2 Reflection**

The way I learned to solve my activity depended on my work and examples I did while in this class and others. I was extremely lucky to have all of my activities and collabs ready for this activity. I particularly had difficulty when trying to create the for loops and omitting certain information I did not need. I started by referencing our in class lessons but I was truly stumped for a long time that I swallowed my pride and decided to ask google for assistance. I just did not see how counter was used in a method before so I was lost. Even with the tip for case sensitivity, I also realized that indentation plays a major role while in google collab while in my other coding cases you do not normally run into this issue since the indentation fixes itself. I wonder if this issue only appears in google collab or in python as a whole. I do not think it would be a stretch to say that I am not the only one who struggled learning how to correctly do lists and loops, considering after every iteration I had to review the text meticulously to make sure it was not user error. I am still struggling with the terminology of coding although I do not think that will ever go away. For example, the activity hint states “You will need to create an empty list variable before sorting the list with a for loop”. With the overlapping terminology I could not decide if it meant sort the list or just to complete the for loop. In this instance I did not sort the list and went straight to making another list. Although, the more I worked and tinkered with the material throughout the activity I could see myself get a better understanding of what I should be doing for every problem.