**Understanding Superheroes**

[https://conifer.rhizome.org/Rozcowork/understanding-superheroes](https://conifer.rhizome.org/Rozcowork/understanding-superheroes)

The digital exhibit you're about to experience will show the ultimate role models of today’s time, Superheroes. You will be guided through each one of the carefully curated articles that explain why these fictional characters bring something to emulate in everyday life. First the exhibit will give you a broader understanding of what motivations draw people to be more altruistic in nature. As you follow along the narrative will shift to show the relationship superheroes have to us as audience members under the lens of psychology. You will read about the personally moving stories of finding one's identity, overcoming adversity, and the prosocial behavior that comes from superheroes.   
These stories provide the foundation to understanding that we could use superheroes to channel altruistic qualities that can benefit everyone in our everyday lives. The exhibit will also provide the literary appeal of comic books and the immersion that takes place when compared to other mediums of entertainment. While also addressing when a superhero movie in this instance falls short of the real psychological themes present. As the exhibit continues you will read about the subtle differences in what you wear and how you stand can even change your biochemistry to reflect those same superheroes you want to aspire to be. The works will also show the relationship between our superheroes of fiction and the heroes of today our Military service members.   
The exhibit will also examine villains in literature that even their egregious acts stem from psychological traumas and why they appeal to us. Then you will see how superheroes address real world issues in their comics tackling problems like Islamophobia, anti-Semitism, and Civil Rights. Finally you will engage in an exercise of sorts where an artist explains how she emulates superheroes to self-identify as the person you want to be. What type of hero are you?